Adding CloudEvents samples for ASB and SQS (#7933)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/operations/opentelemetry_metrics_core_[10,).partial.md

Reviewer: Does this need to be `[10.1,)`?

- [`nservicebus.messaging.failures`](/monitoring/metrics/definitions.md#metrics-captured-number-of-message-processing-failures) - Total number of messages processed unsuccessfully by the endpoint
- [`nservicebus.messaging.handler_time`](/monitoring/metrics/definitions.md#metrics-captured-handler-time) - The time the user handling code takes to handle a message
- [`nservicebus.messaging.processing_time`](/monitoring/metrics/definitions.md#metrics-captured-processing-time) - The time the endpoint takes to process a message
- [`nservicebus.messaging.critical_time`](/monitoring/metrics/definitions.md#metrics-captured-critical-time) - The time between when a message is sent and when it is fully processed
- [`nservicebus.recoverability.immediate`](/monitoring/metrics/definitions.md#metrics-captured-immediate-retries) - Total number of immediate retries requested
- [`nservicebus.recoverability.delayed`](/monitoring/metrics/definitions.md#metrics-captured-delayed-retries) - Total number of delayed retries requested
- [`nservicebus.recoverability.error`](/monitoring/metrics/definitions.md#metrics-captured-moved-to-error-queue) - Total number of messages sent to the error queue

> - [`nservicebus.envelope.unwrapping_error`](/monitoring/metrics/definitions.md#envelope-handling-metrics) - Total number of times when an envelope handler failed to unwrap an incoming message

Author: ```suggestion
- [`nservicebus.envelope.uwrapped`](/monitoring/metrics/definitions.md#envelope-handling-metrics) - Total number of times when an envelope handler failed to unwrap an incoming message. Emitted for every unwrapping attempt
```
